Touchups to the docs index page (#3662)
rerun-io/rerun: docs/content/index.md

Rerun is used by engineers and researchers in fields like computer vision and robotics
to verify, debug, and demo.

> For a list of built-in data types, see [Loggable Types](reference/types.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a list of built-in data types, see the [Types](reference/types.md) section.
```

Reviewer: (see https://github.com/rerun-io/rerun/pull/3680)
